---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "oodle_monitor Resource - oodle"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# oodle_monitor (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "oodle_monitor" "test1" {
  name         = "terraform_test"
  promql_query = "sum(rate(oober_food_delivery_revenue_usd[3m]))"
  conditions = {
    critical = {
      value     = 1210000
      operation = ">"
      for       = "3m"
    }
  }
  notification_policy_id = "oodle_notification_policy.test1.id"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `conditions` (Attributes) Warning and Critical thresholds for the monitor. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--conditions))
- `name` (String) Name of the monitor.
- `promql_query` (String) Prometheus query for the monitor.

### Optional

- `annotations` (Map of String) Additional metadata to attach to each monitor.
- `group_interval` (String) Interval at which to send alerts for the same group of alerts after the first alert.
- `group_wait` (String) Interval at which to send alerts for the same group of alerts after the first alert.
- `grouping` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--grouping))
- `interval` (String) Interval at which the monitor should be evaluated. Default is 1m.
- `labels` (Map of String) Additional labels to attach to the fired alerts.
- `notification_policy_id` (String) ID of the notification policy to use for the monitor.
- `repeat_interval` (String) Interval at which to send alerts for the same alert after firing. RepeatInterval should be a multiple of GroupInterval.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) ID of the monitor.

<a id="nestedatt--conditions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `conditions`

Optional:

- `critical` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--conditions--critical))
- `warning` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--conditions--warning))

<a id="nestedatt--conditions--critical"></a>
### Nested Schema for `conditions.critical`

Required:

- `for` (String) Duration for which the condition should be true before the alert is triggered.
- `operation` (String) The operation to perform for the condition. Possible values are: '>', '<', '>=', '<=', '==', '!='.
- `value` (Number) Value to compare against.

Optional:

- `keep_firing_for` (String) Duration for which the alert should keep firing after the condition is no longer true.


<a id="nestedatt--conditions--warning"></a>
### Nested Schema for `conditions.warning`

Required:

- `for` (String) Duration for which the condition should be true before the alert is triggered.
- `operation` (String) The operation to perform for the condition. Possible values are: '>', '<', '>=', '<=', '==', '!='.
- `value` (Number) Value to compare against.

Optional:

- `keep_firing_for` (String) Duration for which the alert should keep firing after the condition is no longer true.



<a id="nestedatt--grouping"></a>
### Nested Schema for `grouping`

Required:

- `by_labels` (List of String) List of labels to group by. One notification is sent for each unique grouping when the monitor fires.
- `by_monitor` (Boolean) If true, only one notification will be sent for this monitor irrespective of how many series match.
- `disabled` (Boolean) If true, grouping is disabled.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import oodle_monitor.test1 monitor_uuid
```
